We are the Bitmoney team, we will improve the decision making for investors, our technology solution is intended for medium to long term investors that will improve decision making with the use of artificial intelligence.

Our solution proposal considers data from Bitcoin, Ethereum and Decred crypto-currencies, we apply a data mining process, then extraction of features that maximize the financial behavior over time of the crypto-currencies. We then move on to make a grouping of characteristics considering the classes: sell, buy and risk. We then transform the financial series into an image in order to use deep learning techniques, specifically convolutional neural networks that help us obtain an investment recommendation.

How do we do it? We download information from the crypto-currencies of sources such as Yahoo, Bitso. We generate data imputation where there are information gaps, we go to data mining where we leave the database ready to be analyzed and processed, then we use feature extraction using mathematical transformations such as log and Shannon entropy. We then use the k-mean clustering technique where we classify into three groups: sell, buy or risk. We then convert the image of the financial trend to a 32x32 pixel image, that is the input of the convolutional network, then with a photo the convolutional neural network through deep learning gives us the recommendation to sell buy or risk with the confidence level of that model used. We have another function in our Bitmoney application that is considering the analysis of blockchain metrics, here what we do is that we sift 35 metrics downloaded from the coinmetrics source, we use three different techniques to make the selection of these metrics, multiple regression models that allowed us to make a detection of 35 to 11 metrics where with a pareto we can identify what are the most important metrics and then a multivariate technique of main components where we can obtain the most important weights of the metrics which explain the price in dollars of the cryptomonies, We were able to make reduction of up to six metrics, and finally k-mean grouping techniques for the dendogram, where the correlation maps tell us which is the strongest relationship between metrics and price, and there we were able to identify up to eight important metrics, our application is going to present seven metrics where we are going to be able to analyze how the price behaves. We have a multidisciplinary team made up of Leticia Ballesteros, application developer, Carlos Carballo, data scientist and Sacbe Garcia, applied mathematician. Thank you very much.
